rm redundant convention service known issues entry (#750)
pivotal/docs-tap: release-notes.md

This release has the following issues:

- **Application Accelerator:** Build scripts provided as part of an accelerator do not have the execute bit set when a new project is generated from the accelerator. To resolve this issue, explicitly set the execute bit by using the "chmod" command: `chmod +x <build-script>`. For example, for a project generated from the "Spring PetClinic" accelerator, run: `chmod +x ./mvnw`.

> - **Component: Convention Service:** Convention Service does not currently support self-signed certificates for integrating with a private registry. Support for self-signed certificates is planned for an upcoming release.

Reviewer: we don't currently support custom CAs. "self-signed certs" is a subset of custom CAs

```suggestion
- **Component: Convention Service:** Convention Service does not currently support custom certificates for integrating with a private registry. Support for custom certificates is planned for an upcoming release.
```
